welcome to Compton humming okay we're
all started we put it all in the music
all our frustration and anger our music
was like our weapon and that's the most
powerful weapon we got a lot of people
don't realize about in depth away its
nonviolent protests we let people know
that it's okay to say what you want to
say it's crazy to see how all these
different people around the world for
the same way to be sure we kicked the
door down for a lot of artists yeah uh
my son the foundation that was set by
y'all man I'm so appreciative no I just
try to keep the flame lit what's up not
digging NWA they weren't really music to
me it was more like a real lifestyle
brothers for my neighborhood that made
it out the same thing that he was going
through in the eighties which upon these
people going through right now it's a
good time for us to tell our story some
kids from Compton I will touch the world
you
what I see here a lot of raw talent
swagger bravado people are scared you
guys they think you're dangerous but you
have a unique voice the world needs to
hear it
alright let's hit this alright
alright alright
spinnin records ain't paying none of the
bills around here you talking about I
get paid $50 on great you think that
makes you rich
it's a start thank you what's your power
down the flies one you know you
got them runs the horror you know
that's all I do I got a cold last beat
that hardcore reality rap so what you're
talking about going through the doesn't
sleep in my six vote hey I was dope
- it was dope man well jeez what's NWA
stand for anyway no White's allowed
someone
with attitudes
[Music]
do you have any idea how many records
your fellow NWA's arrived your
huge your songs they glamorize gangs and
drugs our art is a reflection of our
reality the Rodney King beating was a
shocker
guys like you change it like this this
is a frat guys from the federal
government speak a little truth and
people lose their minds performance of
the song F the police will not be
permitted returning tell us what the
we came what this hand w1 yo Dre
what up I got something to say
[Music]
you